Game "English Idioms"

LEARNING aspect:
	The game has integrated idioms quizz. All the questions are asked according
	to an algorithm which checks that particular idiom is remembered in player's
	persistent memory.

	Collaborative idioms learning. Exchange knowledge between players, help each
	other using p2p messages, do quizes together and create quizes for friends.

FUNNY aspect:
	Players choose a hero to play in the game. Each hero has its own cool look,
	animations and story.

	Player needs to perform some funny actions to answer quizz question.

	For now we think that it would be funny to throw item with quizz answer
	chosen by player to a placeholder located inside question text.
	Depending on "power" of the throw player can hit the placeholder or not.
	On each throw we show "power indicator" in the UI. Player chooses the "power"
	in the "power indicator".
	If player:
		- hits the placeholder with valid answer item then he gets points.
		- hits the placeholder with invalid answer item then he gets no points
		  for the question and proceeds to the next question.
		- Doesn't hit the placeholder then he has 2 additional attempts. If he doesn't
		  hit the placeholder 3 times then he proceeds to the next question and gets no
		  points.
	Each hero has its own style of throwing the items.
	See their descriptions in "Heroes" section.

	Player can skip the current question if he doesn't want to answer it for some reason.
	Each hero has its own style of skipping. See them in "Heroes" section.

	Competative idioms learning. Compete with friends for quickiest level completion/
	more points on the level to make process even more engaging.

HEROES:
	Vaider.
		You probably know about him.
		Throwing:
			Doesn't really throw items. Controls items using Force.
		Skipping:
			Calls "Death star" on the radio to destroy the question.

	Zomb.
		Has dumb face, but generous soul. Will easily share with a piece of his cake.
		Throwing:
			Uses his hands. When "power" is high can loose his hand and then will need to
			pick it up.
		Skipping:
			Throws his head into the question to destroy it. Head falls down behind the
			question. Picks head up once reaches it.
			
	Cat.
		Crafty guy. Likes energy drinks.
		Throwing:
			Simple kicking the item by his foot.
		Skipping:
			Drinks energy drink and becomes gigantic then just goes through the question
			and destroys it.

	Foxy.
		Pretty young lady from England. Warm and pleasing person.
		Throwing:
			As a real English lady, uses golf or cricket club.
		Skipping:
			(Mary Poppins analogy). Opens an umbrella. Wind blows and Foxy flies over the
			question and the question disappears.
